Food
Dessert
Beverage
Breakfast Menu
Winter Specials
Frappe
Cold Brew
Matcha
Cold Beverages
Neapolitan Pizza (13')
Napoli Garlic Breads
Salad - Fresh From The Garden
Manual Brewed Coffee
Frappe - Icecream Blended
Shaken Iced Coffee - Without Ice Cream
Food
Ravioli Amore
₹550.00
Handmade ravioli in classic pomodoro sauce
Scarlet Avo Tartine
₹450.00
Beetroot hummus, avocado, feta on sourdough bread slice
Dessert
Strawberry Dark Indulgence
₹450.00
Dark chocolate cake with almond praline and strawberry
Nutella Strawberry Crossiant
₹450.00
Crossiant filled with nutella, strawberry cream and strawberries
Beverage
Cold Brew Cupid
₹350.00
Cold brew, cranberry juice, ginger ale.
Gentleman Jack
₹350.00
Rum barrel espresso, ginger ale
Breakfast Menu
Live Bagel/Mollete Open Toast Bar
₹320.00
Head to the open garden area for our bagel grazing table and get your toast custom made
Live Yogurt Breakfast Bowl Station
₹460.00
Head to the open garden area for our live build your own yogurt granola bowl station
Fresh Mawa Cake Slice
₹230.00
A rich, buttery mawa cake baked fresh with a delicate aroma and a golden crust best paired with a black coffee.
Viral Dot Cake In A Jar
₹320.00
Layers of soft vanilla sponge, silky cream and playful rainbow dots in a perfectly portioned dessert cup.
Hazelnut Crunch Cake In A Jar
₹360.00
Layers of moist chocolate cake, hazelnut cream and crunchy praline for a rich, nutty dessert.
Dcsp Muffin
₹275.00
Death by chocolate, saved by protein. A rich, fudgy chocolate muffin packed with 10 gms protein, finished with dark chocolate for the perfect guilt-free indulgence. (Vegan)
Sticky Toffee Madeleine
₹440.00
Our signature sticky toffee cake is back finished with buttery sea salt toffee glaze and served warm with a scoop of vanilla icecream for the ultimate comforting treat.
Winter Specials
Strawberry Blondie
Buttery strawberry blondie cake topped with strawberry compote and airy chantilly mousse, finished with fresh strawberries and a light dusting of caster sugar.
Baked Apple Strudel
Delicate strudel pastry filled with spiced apples and raisins, baked until crisp and served warm with vanilla sauce.
Gluten-Free Chocolate Strawberry Delice
Rich gluten free chocolate sponge layered with strawberry compote and silky chocolate ganache, finished with strawberry compote topped with a strawberry
Pistachio & Cream Cheese Gateaux
Pistachio sponge layered with pistachio butter and cream cheese frosting, finished with pistachio crumbs.
Frappe
Classic Frappe
Salted Caramel Frappe
Banoffee Frappe
Cold Brew
Classic Cold Brew
Lychee Cold Brew
Tiramisu Cold Brew
Matcha
Iced Matcha
Lychee Matcha
Cold Beverages
Classic Limonata
Iced Passion Spritzer
Sunset In The Glass
Neapolitan Pizza (13')
Classic Margherita
Marinara, fresh buffalo mozzarella, fermented dough freshly baked in a wood fired oven
Pesto Caprese
Pesto, cherry tomatoes, fresh basil, evoo
La Spezia
Roasted garlic, caramelised onions, tangy jalapenos
Tres Cheese
Fresh buffalo mozzarella, cream cheese, english cheddar cheese
Assorted Shrooms
Button and shiitake mushrooms, tossed alongside piping hot marinara
Ortolano
Bell peppers, spinach, jalapenos, olives and baby corn
Chilli Bianca
Alfredo sauce, cream cheese, jalapenos and seasoned green chilli
Napoli Garlic Breads
Pepper And Parmesan
Peperoncino
Funghi
Salad - Fresh From The Garden
Waldorf Salad
Refreshing blend of apples, crunchy walnuts, and celery tossed in a yogurt-based dressing (contains nuts)
Beetroot Carpaccio
Thinly sliced beetroot topped with arugula lettuce and feta.
Melon Bocconcini
Melon and bocconcini cheese, drizzled with a honey-mint dressing.
Avocado Quinoa Salad
Avocado and quinoa come together with a tangy and sweet lemon dressing. (vegan)
Classic Greek Salad
Fresh cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, lettuce and feta, tossed with oregano and olive oil.
Tomato Burrata Salad
Juicy tomatoes paired with soft burrata cheese, drizzled with balsamic glaze.
Falafel Hummus Salad
Two varieties of types of hummus and medley of sauteed vegetables, fajita salad topped with crispy falafel. (vegan)
Manual Brewed Coffee
Pourover
₹240.00
Slow-brewed coffee using fresh, high-quality beans, allowing the flavors to develop fully.
Aeropress
₹240.00
Press-brewed coffee with a rich, full-bodied taste and smooth finish.
Syphon
₹240.00
A visually impressive and scientifically precise brewing method for a clean, delicate coffee flavour.
French Press
₹240.00
Classic full-immersion brewing for a rich, bold, and intense coffee experience.
Frappe - Icecream Blended
Classic Cold Coffee
Espresso blended with icecream for a creamy bold cold coffee.
Mocha Praline
Cold coffee blended with 54.5% callebaut chocolate, and hazelnut topped with whipped cream.
Banoffee Frappe
Cold coffee blended with in-house banana sauce and caramel, topped with whipped cream.
Salted Caramel Frappe
Cold coffee blended with our in-house salted caramel sauce, topped with whipped cream.
Dtml Frappe
A secret blend of espresso and other house ingredients offering a nostalgic taste
Belgian Dark Frappe
Cold coffee with 54.5% callebaut dark chocolate for a smooth, strong and indulgent drink.
Shaken Iced Coffee - Without Ice Cream
Nhood Special
Espresso shaken with milk and ice, sweetened with jaggery.
Iced Capuccino
Milk, ice, espresso shot, and topped with frothy cold milk.
Caramel Delight
Espresso shot shaken with ice, milk, and our in-house caramel and vanilla extract sauce for a sweet indulgence.
Vietnamese Shakerato
Condensed milk shaken with double shot espresso (no added water or milk)
